the most important things on a resume. Our the things you put down for
your experience, we want to be really concise. We want you to say that
you worked at this unit or this shop on this ship and maybe like
two or three, um, lines about, like a concisely what you did. Um, And
the longer that is, the better it is. So one thing I have to say
is, um let's say for me I was on, uh, the USS John C. Stennis and I
was on there actually longer than I should have been. I did a six year
tour. So for my block, it's gonna say USS John C. Stennis for six
years. And of course, I did multiple things on there. Um, I was three
and coordinator. I was, uh, lpo of of another unit. I was I covered
all of the watches, but in the end, it's just ah, paragraph. You
know, maybe a long paragraph. But it's just 11 in general, so it's better
to have multiple ships. Um, the more things that you can do them
or training that you can do if you could get a C school in there.
That's going to be another block. If you can stand a watch for another
unit, that's gonna be another block. If you can qualify, uh, something
that's out of your rate rather than become propulsion Electrician's
let's say for like three years, um, split it up, say, Propulsion
Electrician's for a year and a half and then, hey, you know what?
Like let me try to qualify what works in a supervisor instead, and
that's gonna be another block. So you're talking about quantity over
the quality of the job because the quality in the Navy, they expect
you to be proficient, vastly proficient at your job. So the longer
you do it, it doesn't count. You have to, like, take something and
then keep moving.